Reorganize FAQ page, remove unnecessary content, and restructure documents (#326)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/core-concepts/async.mdx

import {BokehFigure, PlotlyFigure} from "@site/src/components/Plotting.jsx";
import Tag from '@site/src/components/Tag'

> How can I run a UDF asynchronously?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't need this, this page is already about calling UDFs async

> A UDF can be called asynchronously using the [async/await](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html) syntax. A common implementation is to call a UDF multiple times in parallel with different parameters then combine the results.  In the cloud environment, setting `sync=False` in `fused.run` is used for asynchronous execution with `engine='realtime'`.

Reviewer: I would keep things a bit separate and put the 2nd part in a note instead. These 2 parts sound a bit different otherwise:

```suggestion
A UDF can be called asynchronously using the [async/await](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html) syntax. A common implementation is to call a UDF multiple times in parallel with different parameters then combine the results.

:::note
    Setting sync=False in fused.run is intended for asynchronous calls when running in the cloud with engine='realtime'. The parameter has no effect if the UDF is ran in the local environment with engine='realtime'.
:::
```

Reviewer: Please double check this works before merging btw ☝️
